Oakdale is the name of a remote village and the surrounding valley situated
in a big forest somewhere. The valley has gotten it's name from the fact that
the forest in it consists mostly of ancient oak trees. A river flows through
the valley and on a high cliff overlooking the village is an eerie castle.

 North of the village lies an old abandoned shrine that has been empty for
fifty years, and a stone quarry. In the quarry are some caves inhabited by a
clan of dark gnomes. Southeast of the village, the river falls down a spec-
tacular waterfall before it continues towards the sea. By the waterfall are 
some caves where the children of the village like to play, even though their
parents tell them not to.

 The village itself is a peacful place. It consists of twenty or so stone 
houses with wooden roofs and stone chimneys. The population, however, is being
oppressed by the evil mage Nirach, who resides in the dark, eerie castle on the
cliff.

 Some fifty years ago, when the lord of Oakdale passed away, Nirach betrayed
the cleric Alywin, who lived in the shrine, and trapped his spirit in a magic
orb. While Nirach struggles to gain control of the Cleric's powers, he won't 
permit anyone to enter or leave the valley. When he controls the orb, he'll be
powerful enough to lay the whole of the Kingdoms under his feet, and he wants
noone to know what he's up to.

 After a failed uprising fifty years ago, noone has stood up to Nirach. His
evil henchmen roam the valley at night, and the people dare not oppose him, for
fear of becoming victims themselves, should they speak up. Nirach is still
trying to gain control of the orb (damn those attune times:)), and that is the
situation when the players take the stage.

